[Autogenerated] Let's briefly review what we went over in this module.
Well, first we compared and contrasted Terra Form and CloudFormation.
Where are they different?
Where are they?
Like if you're familiar with CloudFormation and about to pick up terra form,
it's actually not that big of a leap.
That's actually the transition that I made, and I found it fairly natural.
We also talked about providers and specifically the
A W s provider for terra form,
and went over some ways that you can authenticate against that provider
and then actually went through a deployment process where we deployed a
development VPC coming up in the next module.
We are going to get the security team involved.
Remember they were worried about using their security stack and AWS.
So we're gonna help allay those fears.
We're also going to get into how to use multiple accounts and
multiple regions in your configurations.
And finally,
we're going to delve a little bit more to how to use those
credentials files with multiple profiles. That's all coming up in the next module